zTPVisibleSpaces	{#insert zF9}{#sleep 25}{#insert zF8}	zTPVisibleSpaces
zTPSortDlgOpen	{#insert zCApF6}	zTPSortDlgOpen
zTPToolStop	{#insert zCASpXX}	zTPToolStop
zTPMacroRecordToggle	{#insert zCASpF1}	zTPMacroRecordToggle
zTPMacroSaveDlgOpen	{#insert zCASpF2}	zTPMacroSaveDlgOpen
zTPToggleReadOnly	{#insert zCASpF5}	zTPToggleReadOnly
zTPWindowPaneNext	{#insert zF6}	zTPWindowPaneNext
zTPMoveL1c	{#insert zCpTT}	zTPMoveL1c
zTPSelectL1c	{#insert zCpWW}	zTPSelectL1c
zTPSelectR1c	{#insert zCpVV}	zTPSelectR1c
zTPGTDocBottom	{#insert zCASpDOWN}	zTPGTDocBottom
zTPSTDocBottom	{#insert zCASpPGDN}	zTPSTDocBottom
zTPSTDocTop	{#insert zCASpPGUP}	zTPSTDocTop
zTPLineEnd	{#insert zEND}	zTPLineEnd
zTPLineEndExtend	{#insert zSpEND}	zTPLineEndExtend
zTPLineLeft	{#insert zHOME}	zTPLineLeft
zTPLineLeftExtend	{#insert zSpHOME}	zTPLineLeftExtend
zTPPageDown	{#insert zPGDN}	zTPPageDown
zTPPageRight	{#insert zCpPGDN}	zTPPageRight
zTPPageUp	{#insert zPGUP}	zTPPageUp
zTPPageUpExtend	{#insert zSpPGUP}	zTPPageUpExtend
zTPParaDownExtend	{#insert zASpDOWN}	zTPParaDownExtend
zTPParaUpExtend	{#insert zCSpUP}	zTPParaUpExtend
zTPMoveL1w	{#insert zCpLEFT}	zTPMoveL1w
zTPSelectLine	{#insert zCApAA}	zTPSelectLine
zTPSelectParagraph	{#insert zApAA}	zTPSelectParagraph
zTPSelectWord	{#insert zCSpAA}	zTPSelectWord
