__XBN-PhraseExpress is released under the LGPL 2.1	(*XBN-PhraseExpress: Large set of generically useful scripting tools for MS Windows, written in PhraseExpress and TextPad.  //  Copyright (C) 2013 Jeff Epstein  //  This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.  //  This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.  //  You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA*)		(*Two tabs plus this comment, to force this phrase to be (a) imported, and (b) with NO autotext*)
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditCut_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditCut}{#insert zzzNoVerificationForBtstrpsDlg_M_cmd1}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditCut_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditDelLineEnd_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditDelLineEnd}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditDelLineEnd_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditDelLine_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditDelLine}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditDelLine_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditDelSelection_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditDelSelection}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditDelSelection_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditDelTaggedLines_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditDelTaggedLines}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditDelTaggedLines_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditDelWordLeft_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditDelWordLeft}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditDelWordLeft_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditDelWordRight_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditDelWordRight}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditDelWordRight_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditDelWord_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditDelWord}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditDelWord_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditDelete_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditDelete}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditDelete_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditDupLine_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditDupLine}{#insert zzzNoVerificationForBtstrpsDlg_M_cmd1}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditDupLine_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditFillBlock_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditFillBlock}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditFillBlock_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditIMEreconvert_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditIMEreconvert}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditIMEreconvert_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditIndentLess_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditIndentLess}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditIndentLess_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditIndentMore_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditIndentMore}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditIndentMore_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditInsertFileName_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditInsertFileName}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditInsertFileName_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditInsertFile_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditInsertFile}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditInsertFile_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditInsertStatistics_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditInsertStatistics}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditInsertStatistics_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditInvertCase_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditInvertCase}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditInvertCase_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditJoinLines_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditJoinLines}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditJoinLines_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditLongDate_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditLongDate}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditLongDate_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditLowerCase_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditLowerCase}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditLowerCase_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditMarkClean_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditMarkClean}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditMarkClean_ifKc
