zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this	{#insert zzHitActlOrFrcVrfyKC_M_cmd1}{#SETPHRASE -description zvTEST_MSG -content Printed a '{#insert zzTpCmdNameTC_M_cmd1}' -autotext zvTEST_MSG -folder ctvv_folder}{#insert zzzShowVerifyTestDlg_M_cmd1Msg}{#insert zSelectAllDel}	zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char01UpsideDownExclaimation_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar01UpsideDownExclaimation}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char01UpsideDownExclaimation_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char02UpsideDownQuestion_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar02UpsideDownQuestion}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char02UpsideDownQuestion_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char03QuestionUnknown1of3_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar03QuestionUnknown1of3}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char03QuestionUnknown1of3_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char04QuestionUnknown2of3_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar04QuestionUnknown2of3}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char04QuestionUnknown2of3_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char05QuestionUnknown3of3_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar05QuestionUnknown3of3}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char05QuestionUnknown3of3_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char06AUpperURAccent_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar06AUpperURAccent}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char06AUpperURAccent_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char07ALowerURAccent_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar07ALowerURAccent}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char07ALowerURAccent_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char08AUpperULAccent_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar08AUpperULAccent}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char08AUpperULAccent_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char09ALowerULAccent_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar09ALowerULAccent}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char09ALowerULAccent_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char10AUpperCaret_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar10AUpperCaret}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char10AUpperCaret_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char11ALowerCaret_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar11ALowerCaret}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char11ALowerCaret_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char12AUpperUmlaut_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar12AUpperUmlaut}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char12AUpperUmlaut_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char13ALowerUmlaut_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar13ALowerUmlaut}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char13ALowerUmlaut_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char14AUpperTilde_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar14AUpperTilde}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char14AUpperTilde_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char15ALowerTilde_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar15ALowerTilde}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char15ALowerTilde_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char16AUpperDegree_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar16AUpperDegree}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char16AUpperDegree_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char17ALowerDegree_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar17ALowerDegree}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char17ALowerDegree_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char18AUpperAe_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar18AUpperAe}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char18AUpperAe_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char19ALowerAe_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar19ALowerAe}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char19ALowerAe_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char20CUpperUnderAccent_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar20CUpperUnderAccent}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char20CUpperUnderAccent_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char21CLowerUnderAccent_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar21CLowerUnderAccent}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char21CLowerUnderAccent_ifKc
