__XBN-PhraseExpress is released under the LGPL 2.1	(*XBN-PhraseExpress: Large set of generically useful scripting tools for MS Windows, written in PhraseExpress and TextPad.  //  Copyright (C) 2013 Jeff Epstein  //  This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.  //  This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.  //  You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA*)		(*Two tabs plus this comment, to force this phrase to be (a) imported, and (b) with NO autotext*)
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char22DUpperHorizCross_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar22DUpperHorizCross}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char22DUpperHorizCross_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char23OLowerUpside9_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar23OLowerUpside9}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char23OLowerUpside9_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char24EUpperURAccent_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar24EUpperURAccent}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char24EUpperURAccent_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char25ELowerURAccent_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar25ELowerURAccent}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char25ELowerURAccent_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char26EUpperULAccent_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar26EUpperULAccent}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char26EUpperULAccent_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char27ELowerULAccent_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar27ELowerULAccent}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char27ELowerULAccent_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char28EUpperCaret_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar28EUpperCaret}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char28EUpperCaret_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char29ELowerCaret_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar29ELowerCaret}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char29ELowerCaret_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char30EUpperUmlaut_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar30EUpperUmlaut}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char30EUpperUmlaut_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char31ELowerUmlaut_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar31ELowerUmlaut}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char31ELowerUmlaut_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char32IUpperURAccent_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar32IUpperURAccent}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char32IUpperURAccent_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char33ILowerURAccent_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar33ILowerURAccent}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char33ILowerURAccent_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char34IUpperULAccent_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar34IUpperULAccent}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char34IUpperULAccent_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char35ILowerULAccent_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar35ILowerULAccent}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char35ILowerULAccent_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char36IUpperCaret_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar36IUpperCaret}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char36IUpperCaret_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char37ILowerCaret_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar37ILowerCaret}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char37ILowerCaret_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char38IUpperUmlaut_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar38IUpperUmlaut}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char38IUpperUmlaut_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char39ILowerUmlaut_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar39ILowerUmlaut}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char39ILowerUmlaut_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char40NUpperTilde_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar40NUpperTilde}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char40NUpperTilde_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char41NLowerTilde_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar41NLowerTilde}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char41NLowerTilde_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char42OUpperURAccent_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar42OUpperURAccent}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char42OUpperURAccent_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char43OLowerURAccent_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfChar43OLowerURAccent}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNewFlKcVrfy_chars_aSingleChar_M_cmd1this -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_chars_Char43OLowerURAccent_ifKc
