zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditNewLineAfter_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditNewLineAfter}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditNewLineAfter_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditNewLineBefore_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditNewLineBefore}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditNewLineBefore_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditPageBreak_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditPageBreak}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditPageBreak_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditPasteBlock_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditPasteBlock}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditPasteBlock_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditPasteHTML_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditPasteHTML}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditPasteHTML_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditPasteLines_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditPasteLines}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditPasteLines_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditPaste_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditPaste}{#insert zzzNoVerificationForBtstrpsDlg_M_cmd1}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditPaste_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditPopupContext_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditPopupContext}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditPopupContext_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditPopupDateTime_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditPopupDateTime}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditPopupDateTime_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditRedoAll_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditRedoAll}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditRedoAll_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditRedo_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditRedo}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditRedo_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditReformat_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditReformat}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditReformat_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_edit_EditSentenceCase_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditSentenceCase}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_search_EditSentenceCase_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_search_EditShortDate_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditShortDate}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_search_EditShortDate_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_search_EditSplitLines_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditSplitLines}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_search_EditSplitLines_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_search_EditTime_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditTime}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_search_EditTime_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_search_EditTransposeWords_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditTransposeWords}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_search_EditTransposeWords_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_search_EditTranspose_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditTranspose}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_search_EditTranspose_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_search_EditUndoAll_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditUndoAll}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_search_EditUndoAll_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_search_EditUndo_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditUndo}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_search_EditUndo_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_search_EditUpperCase_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEditUpperCase}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_search_EditUpperCase_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_search_EmptyClipboard_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfEmptyClipboard}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_search_EmptyClipboard_ifKc
