__XBN-PhraseExpress is released under the LGPL 2.1	(*XBN-PhraseExpress is a large set of generically-useful Microsoft Windows scripting tools, written in PhraseExpress, using the plain-text editor TextPad as its foundation.  //  Copyright (C) 2013 Jeff Epstein  //  This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of the License, or (at your option) any later version.  //  This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License for more details.  //  You should have received a copy of the GNU Lesser General Public License along with this library; if not, write to the Free Software Foundation, Inc., 51 Franklin Street, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301 USA*)		(*Two tabs plus this comment, to force this phrase to be (a) imported, and (b) with NO autotext*)
zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_CharLeftExtend_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfCharLeftExtend}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_CharLeftExtend_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_CharLeft_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfCharLeft}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_CharLeft_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_CharRightExtend_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfCharRightExtend}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_CharRightExtend_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_CharRight_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfCharRight}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_CharRight_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_DocumentEndExtend_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfDocumentEndExtend}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_DocumentEndExtend_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_DocumentEnd_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfDocumentEnd}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_DocumentEnd_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_DocumentStartExtend_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfDocumentStartExtend}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_DocumentStartExtend_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_DocumentStart_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfDocumentStart}{#insert zzzNoVerificationForBtstrpsDlg_M_cmd1}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_DocumentStart_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_GoToBlockEnd_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfGoToBlockEnd}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_GoToBlockEnd_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_GoToBlockStart_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfGoToBlockStart}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_GoToBlockStart_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_GoToColumn_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfGoToColumn}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_GoToColumn_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_GoToLine_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfGoToLine}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_GoToLine_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_GoToPage_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfGoToPage}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_GoToPage_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_LineDownExtend_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineDownExtend}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_LineDownExtend_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_LineDown_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineDown}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_LineDown_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_LineEndExtend_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineEndExtend}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_LineEndExtend_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_LineEnd_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineEnd}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_LineEnd_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_LineLeftExtend_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineLeftExtend}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_LineLeftExtend_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_LineLeft_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineLeft}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_LineLeft_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_LineScrollDown_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineScrollDown}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_LineScrollDown_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_LineScrollUp_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineScrollUp}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_LineScrollUp_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_LineStartExtend_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineStartExtend}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_LineStartExtend_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_LineStart_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineStart}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_LineStart_ifKc
zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_LineUpExtend_ifKc	{#insert zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineUpExtend}{#insert {#COND -if {#insert zzzHasAKCOrFrcTst_yes_M_cmd1} = yes -then zzzNoTestForCmdWKc_M_cmd1 -else z1slp}}	zzNewFlV1Nbs_cursor_LineUpExtend_ifKc
