zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFileClose	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Fcls -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFileClose
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFileCloseAll	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Fclsa -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFileCloseAll
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFileExit	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Fxit -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFileExit
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFileGoTo	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Fgoto -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFileGoTo
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFileManage	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Fmngr -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFileManage
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFileNew	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Fnew -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFileNew
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFileOpen	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Fopn -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFileOpen
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFilePageSetup	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Fpgstp -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFilePageSetup
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFilePrint	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Fprnt -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFilePrint
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFilePrintAll	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Fprnta -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFilePrintAll
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFilePrintDefault	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Fprntd -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFilePrintDefault
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFilePrintPreview	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Fprntprv -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFilePrintPreview
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFileQuickOpen	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Fqopn -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFileQuickOpen
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFileRename	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Frenm -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFileRename
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFileRevert	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Frvrt -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFileRevert
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFileSave	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Fsv -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFileSave
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFileSaveAll	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Fsval -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFileSaveAll
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFileSaveAndClose	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Fsvcl -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFileSaveAndClose
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFileSaveAs	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Fsvas -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFileSaveAs
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFileSend	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Fsnd -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFileSend
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFileStatistics	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Fstat -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfFileStatistics
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfWorkspaceClose	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Fwkscls -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfWorkspaceClose
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfWorkspaceOpen	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Fwksop -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfWorkspaceOpen
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfWorkspaceSave	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Fwkssv -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfWorkspaceSave
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfWorkspaceSaveAs	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Fwkssvas -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfWorkspaceSaveAs
