zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfCharLeft	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crl -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfCharLeft
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfCharLeftExtend	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crlx -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfCharLeftExtend
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfCharRight	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crr -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfCharRight
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfCharRightExtend	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crrx -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfCharRightExtend
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfDocumentEnd	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crdce -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfDocumentEnd
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfDocumentEndExtend	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crdcex -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfDocumentEndExtend
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfDocumentStart	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crdcs -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfDocumentStart
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfDocumentStartExtend	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crdcsx -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfDocumentStartExtend
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfGoToBlockEnd	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crblke -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfGoToBlockEnd
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfGoToBlockStart	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crblks -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfGoToBlockStart
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfGoToColumn	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crgtc -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfGoToColumn
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfGoToLine	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crgtl -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfGoToLine
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfGoToPage	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crgtp -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfGoToPage
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineDown	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crlnd -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineDown
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineDownExtend	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crlndx -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineDownExtend
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineEnd	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crlne -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineEnd
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineEndExtend	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crlnex -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineEndExtend
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineLeft	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crlnl -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineLeft
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineLeftExtend	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crlnlx -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineLeftExtend
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineScrollDown	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crlnscrd -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineScrollDown
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineScrollUp	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crlnscru -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineScrollUp
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineStart	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crlnst -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineStart
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineStartExtend	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crlnstx -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineStartExtend
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineUp	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crlnu -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineUp
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineUpExtend	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crlnux -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfLineUpExtend
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfPageDown	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crpgd -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfPageDown
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfPageDownExtend	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crpgdx -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfPageDownExtend
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfPageLeft	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crpgl -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfPageLeft
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfPageLeftExtend	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crpglx -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfPageLeftExtend
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfPageRight	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crpgr -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfPageRight
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfPageRightExtend	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crpgrx -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfPageRightExtend
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfPageUp	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crpgu -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfPageUp
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfPageUpExtend	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crpgux -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfPageUpExtend
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfParaDown	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crprd -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfParaDown
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfParaDownExtend	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crprdx -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfParaDownExtend
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfParaUp	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crpru -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfParaUp
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfParaUpExtend	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crprux -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfParaUpExtend
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfTabLeft	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crtbllft -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfTabLeft
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfViewEnd	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crvwe -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfViewEnd
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfViewStart	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crvws -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfViewStart
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfWordLeft	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crwdl -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfWordLeft
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfWordLeftEnd	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crwdle -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfWordLeftEnd
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfWordLeftEndExtend	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crwdlex -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfWordLeftEndExtend
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfWordLeftExtend	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crwdlx -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfWordLeftExtend
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfWordRight	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crwdr -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfWordRight
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfWordRightEnd	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crwdre -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfWordRightEnd
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfWordRightEndExtend	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crwdrex -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfWordRightEndExtend
zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfWordRightExtend	{#SETPHRASE -description zvCMD_ABRV_1C -content Crwdrx -autotext zvCMD_ABRV_1C -folder ctvv_folder}	zvCMD_ABRV_1C_sfWordRightExtend
